Yousa thinking yousa people ganna die?
I don\'t care what universe you\'re from, that\'s got to hurt!
Love won\'t save you, Padme. Only my new powers can do that.
...Don\'t try it, Anakin. I have the high ground!
There\'s always a bigger fish.
I\'m haunted by the kiss that you should never have given me.
Are you an angel?
I don\'t like sand. It\'s coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.
Ye gods, whatta meesa sayin\'?
I sense Count Dooku.
Ani? My goodness, you\'ve grown!
How wude!
I cant take Dooku alone! I need you!
I\'ve been wondering... what are midi-chlorians?
Chesco, Sebulba. Chipoka oomen geesa. Me teesa radical fbombati chop chawa.
I have the POWER! UNLIMITED... POWER!
Droidekas!
Uh! So uncivilized.
Now this is pod racing!
So this is how liberty dies... with thunderous applause.
...It is only natural. He cut off your arm, and you wanted revenge.
Always two there are, no more, no less.
Mom, you said that the biggest problem in the universe is no one helps each other.
He owes me what you\'d call a ‘life-debt.\' Your gods demand that his life belongs to me.
From my point of view, the Jedi are evil!
I thought we had decided not to fall in love. That we\'d be forced to live a lie and that it would destroy our lives.
A vergence, you say?
Now that I\'m with you again, I\'m in agony. My heart is beating, hoping that that kiss will not become a scar.
No loose wire jokes.
Your mother had gone out early, like she always did, to pick mushrooms that grow on the vaporators.
For reasons we can\'t explain, we are losing her.
...Well, then you really are lost!
He said... you killed younglings!
What if the democracy we thought we were serving no longer exists, and the Republic has become the very evil we have been fighting to destroy?
I have waited a long time for this moment, my little green friend.
...I\'ll try spinning. That\'s a good trick. Whoa-ah!
Train yourself to let go... of everything you fear to lose.
There was no father. I carried him, I gave birth, I raised him. I can\'t explain what happened.
You were banished because you were clumsy?
You are in my very soul, tormenting me...
...We used to come here for school retreat. We would swim to that island every day. I love the water. We used to lie out on the sand and let the sun dry us and try to guess the names of the birds singing.
At an end your rule is, and not short enough was it.
Ray shields!
Just being around her again is... intoxicating.
Your new Empire?
hello there!
General Kenobi
you are a bold one.
They live inside me?
I don\'t understand.
Your presence is soothing.
...We live in a real world, come back to it. You\'re studying to become a Jedi, I\'m... I\'m a senator.
